Packages used: dplyr

Data

activities - list of activity descriptions corresponding to codes in the original data (from original dataset)
features - list of variable descriptions corresponding to columns in the original data (from original dataset)

grouped_data - average of all mean and std variables grouped by activity and then subject
	This uses the dplyr package to group the data into activity, then subject, and then take the average
	for all obvservations of each variable.

mean - only mean variables from train and test original data.
	This selects only variables from the combined data that have the word "mean" in the variable name.
	
merged - combined test and train data including activities and subjects. Includes ALL variables. 
	
slim - test and train subjects, activities, and only mean and std variables. 
	
std - only std variables from train and test origina data. 
	This selects only variables from the combined data that have the word "std" in teh variable name.

test - activity, subject, and all variables for test data.

test_subject - subject data for test variables  (from original dataset)
test_x - all obvservations for test data (from original dataset)
text_y - activity data for test variables (from original dataset)
train - activity, subject, and all variables for train data
train_subject - subject datat for train variables (from original dataset)
train_x - all observations for train data (from original dataset)
train_y - activity data for train variables (from original dataset)

Steps:
Downloads the features.txt file in order to label the variables.
Pulls the activity, subject, and observation files for the test dataset and renames them test_y, test_subject, and text_x accordingly.
	While pulling the observations (test_x), names all variables according to the features.txt file.
Combines them all together using cbind, names the variables or test_y (activity) and test_subject (subject)

Does the same for the train dataset.

Then combines them all into one dataset using rbind.

Loads the dplyr package, uses select and contains functionality to create two files "mean" and "std" which select only the variable names which include mean or std accordingly.

Then creates a new file called "slim", which combines the selected data with the subject and activity information.

Loads the activities.txt file, then matches and replaces activity numbers in slim with activity labels using an sapply

Uses dplyr again to create a new file (grouped_data) which groups the labled slim file by activity and then subject, and uses the summarize_all function to average all observations of each variable.

Writes grouped_data to a .txt file called "tidy_dancer"

